[Music]
everybody it's flying right here with a
review of the top-selling x6 shadow
breaker or it's also being listed as the
jjrc 319 and now this probably wins the
award for the most unique atleast nano
quadcopter if not all quad copters
together this thing is interesting very
creature alien-like design the props
facing down like that with the near the
landing gear feet leg you know prop
guard things just very unique very
interesting really cool and just in time
for Halloween comes in green or orange
of course you know I had to get the
green version I just think it looks
really cool in green too it has nice
LEDs on it in the arms here so you've
got like a red or kind of an orange on
the back green in the front and then
there's also an LED in the body here so
it lights up really nice and bright very
easy to see works well even at night
flying comes with a kind of a little
miniature hubsan x4 kind of style
transmitter it's a little bit smaller
but bigger than your typical nano
transmitter you know it fits in the
hands well it's got good sticks for
pinching or for thumb fliers so I'm
pretty happy with the transmitter I like
it a bit
you've got you click the right stick for
flips click the left stick for rates
you've got two different rates with one
yaw that doesn't change with the rates
but it is a pretty good yaw it also
comes with a USB charging cable the
internal battery is 150 milliamps and it
charges in about 40 minutes and you get
about five and a half minute flights
with a ten-second LVC warning also comes
with a spare set of props but it flies
really nice it is actually a really
smooth
stable flyer does really nice tight
flips just really fun to fly just you
know it's really nice accurate flight
does what you tell it to and just you
know a real joy to fly maybe the only
complaint I would have is that the the
body here is kind of all one piece the
the prop guards are part of the frame so
if you were to break one of these
landing legs you're you're either
looking at just replacing it ordering or
replacing the whole frame or something
there's no you know they're there
they're all built in there's no you know
easy way to replace these prop guard leg
things let's see oh and you can
recalibrate it by holding both sticks
down to the left and that will
recalibrate the accelerometer and that's
about all there is to say about it so
let's go take it for a flight alright
this is the flight review of the jxd 319
a ka top-selling x6 shadow breaker and
this thing is really cool I really like
this quad let's give it a flight
so that's our full pair that's not a
super-fast yah
[Music]
see some little funnel they're just
really smooth and precise nice flying
clawed eye let's do some flippin nice
flips and then because of the design of
it you can touch the ceiling no problem
at all
[Music]
what do you think of that one Elsie
well no interest in that either huh oh
you tried to sniff it all right let's
take it in for a landing all right I'll
land over there all right let's turn off
some lights and check out these LEDs in
the dark this thing looks cool all lit
up definitely a night fliers saying a
whole body is lit up the the red lights
on the back with the orange props or
definitely visible as the back the front
props kind of light up green some LEDs
very cool kind of makes an interesting
pattern on the ceiling there from the
LED in the top of the body kinda makes
like a prism effect do some night flips
[Music]
bounced off the dryer they're real hard
no problem get out from under there ah
yeah hung up what's going on we got some
get some lights back on I think I got
some hair in one of the props or
something kind of flying off to the side
on me there we go just needed to kind of
think for a second level itself out I
guess so yeah this is a pretty cool cool
little uh ultra-micro I guess not really
quite a nano well that's that's
interesting look at that that was
interesting was kind of suction into the
wall there on its own
[Music]
so it could benefit from a little bit
faster all right but it's definitely
manageable
[Music]
whoa oh man down the side of the fridge
all kinds of hairy monsters back there
all right well honey I think that was a
good enough flight review got it all
covered with hair there I don't want to
mess with it right now but that is that
that's the top-selling x6 shadow breaker
aka jxd 319 really cool unique design
just really really impressed by how much
they thought outside the box and really
just kind of change the whole design of
a no standard quadcopter so I'd like to
see more products like that that's very
cool anyway check the video description
for a purchase link if you want to get
one for yourself and I thank you for
watching and I'll see you next time
you